I could do a Q and A.
Also use Vim.
And if you don't
understand this course and
it's too hard, remember I have
a first one that's for free forever.
Free forever algorithms course
on frontendmasters.com.
Aljean, so I'm reading the chat now.
>> Is there any specific reason
you use three hash functions?
>> No,
I just did Grab a set of hash functions.
>> Over sufficient over a sufficiently
large period of time wouldn't we always
say things are available or
shouldn't there be a strategy
to clear the bloom filter?
>> So that would be where you a,
if you have a sufficiently large amount
of data like a megabyte of ones,
is a million ones, and so depending on
how many index points you get per item,
it should be pretty sparse for
a while, it obviously at some point.
I mean, again, these are like more
practical questions which is how long do
you keep something running before
you reset it, is the reset worth it?
Meaning that you don't go and
check things up.
So you got to play with that because if
you're actually using when you're using it
to try to speed up a system practically,
which means that there is no right answer,
it depends on the problem and
how much memory.
I hope at the end of this you never
wanna look at algorithms again.
We just went way hard and
you're just like, that's it,
and you just never wanna do it again.
That's why the other one's the one
you need because you want that for
interviewing, this one's the one you
want to stop wanting ever again.
>> Could you briefly describe the
difference between dynamic programming and
recursion?
>> Yeah, recursion uses a stack and
calls itself and you may solve the same
sub-problem multiple times, as we saw with
Fibonacci, over and over and over again.
>> Are there any drawbacks
to dynamic program?
>> It's hard, it's really hard.
Like really good dynamic programming
problems are hard until you understand it,
then it's simple.
And so if you actually had like if
you really did a dynamic programming
problem for your job, for
somebody to look at it,
they'd be like,
what the hell am I even looking at?
This makes no sense.
And so until they understand it,
you completely don't understand it.
Recursion tends to be really elegant,
right?
You can look at it and just totally
understand everything that's happening,
and so it's nice.
Skill issues, dynamic programming
is the epitome of skill issues.
>> Do you think that there's like
a particular area of math study,
combinatorics, something
like that that would lend to
understanding dynamic
programming problems better?
>> I don't know,
I don't know if that's true.
At one point that was pretty
good at the old combinatorics.
I can't remember any of that stuff
at this point, the permutation.
I could use to do the 5C4 and
be able to tell you all that stuff,
now I can't remember any of that stuff,
it's been too long since discrete math.
But that never helped me.
I never personally got help from it,
discrete math didn't do a lot for me.
>> Got you.
>> I think one of the problems is
I also took discrete math before I
took a data structure course.
And so I solving all these theoretical
problems that I never actually seen
before, and then all of a sudden
it was really hard to relate that.
And then when I did the data structures
course, I looked back on the on
the discrete math I was like,
that makes perfect sense why you do that?
And then it was like really valuable but
that's like such a value
in the past problem.
>> Where do you work?
>> I work at Netflix, by the way.
Okay, I'm almost at my ten-year
anniversary, okay, and Netflix.
At some point I'm not
gonna work at Netflix,
I won't be able to say that anymore and
it'll be a sad day.
By the way, just casual flex,
not a big deal, whatever.
>> What language do you think lends
itself well to implementing these kinds
of things?
>> Any language but Rust.
Rust is a horrible language to implement
data structures in, it's just awful,
it's just awful.
It's just the worst thing in the universe,
don't do Rust and data structures, okay?
You'll get stuck on a linked list and
then you'll quit.
C is great because C gives
you the actual picture, but
you can also use things like,
you can use TypeScript, you can use Go.
Go kind of sucks cuz Go doesn't have a
really strong generics and methods, and so
it's just like it's not as good for this.
C, TypeScript,
those are really easy ones to do.
>> I did your previous one in C Sharp.
>> Okay, C Sharp would be a good one,
Java, great one to do these things in,
they're very concrete and simple.
OCaml, I don't know OCaml good
enough to know if OCaml is great for
this kind of stuff.
I assume it is because it has a really
strong type system, and it's garbage
collected, which means you can do all
the things that Rust can't easily.
All right, so there you go,
that is the entirety of the course,
that's what I wanted to go through.
I really wanted to emphasize the fun stuff
at the beginning, the trees, the graphs,
and really kinda dive a little
bit into some analysis.
Hopefully, you like the Prim's algorithm
analysis where we actually broke it down
and went several levels down.
I really liked union
find path compression,
that's a pretty useful algorithm just to
know because there are times where you
want to be able to shortcut something but
you don't wanna always be able to do it.
B-trees, super, super-duper useful.
You could imagine you have you can have,
there's just situations,
I've ran into these range to
binary trees where I want to have
a binary tree that has ranges to be
able to find quick values out and
spend super useful to use
concepts like it or M -Way trees.
So hopefully everyone learned something.
Does everyone feel pretty good?
Do you feel like you've gotten smarter,
faster, stronger?
All right, fantastic.
Well, the name,
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Right there, is the Prime Jam.
All right, thank you, appreciate that.